# MasterThesis
## Research Question
Does the inv-Wishart distribution, used as prior for the covariance matrix in random slope random intercept models, has the same poor noninformative performances as the IG(e, e) used as prior for the variance of random intercepts (Gelman, 2006)? And if so, can we find a distribution (the matrix-variate F distribution) that improves on the robustness of the inv-Wishart, as the half-t improves on the IG(e, e).

## General Idea
Specifying a non-informative prior for the random effects’ variance covariance matrix in hierarchical models can be tricky. Gelsman (2006) has already shown how one of the standard priors used, by programs such a Stan and Winbugs, for the between groups variance component is actually problematic (the IG(.001, .001). What Gelsman found relates to random intercepts models, what we would like to do is extend his analysis to a random intercept random slope model where we need to specify a prior for the variance covariance matrix of the random effects (variances of the random intercepts, slopes and covariance). The usual approach (common in Stan and Winbugs) is to use an inv-Wishart distribution as a prior for the sigma matrix. There is an approach to making this distribution non-informative that is equivalent to the inv-gamma used for the random intercept case. We would like to study the performance of different priors for this variance covariance matrix with special attention towards the matrix-F variate distribution proposed by Mulder Pericchi (2018).
